updated mpl gui warning catcher to new error message (#1160)
sphinx-gallery/sphinx-gallery: doc/configuration.rst

    import warnings

    warnings.filterwarnings("ignore", category=UserWarning,

>                             message=r'''Matplotlib is currently using agg, which is a
>                             non-GUI backend, so cannot show the figure.|
>                             (\n|.)*is non-interactive, and thus cannot be shown''')

Reviewer: All of those spaces are going to be problematic without a `dedent` or
```suggestion
                            message='Matplotlib is currently using agg, which is a '
                            'non-GUI backend, so cannot show the figure.|'
                            r'(\n|.)*is non-interactive, and thus cannot be shown')
```
